well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about one
of my favorite questions
it's a question i have answered numerous
times
and i still love answering it because
it's easy to answer
and it illustrates not only
the point in question but a wider one
about how we limit our thought
we we block ourselves in and sometimes
we can't recognize
things that are all around us
we will proclaim something as impossible
or hard to understand when it is
easily demonstrated that it is possible
so i got a message and i'm gonna read
the whole thing
because it's funny okay so
bo i know you said you don't advocate
for it now
but i'm very curious about something you
said i get your end goal
is just people doing the right thing all
over the world but to get to that point
we'd have to
by your own admission go through a phase
of open borders
i'm just not sure how to picture such a
world
different countries have different laws
they have different taxes
they have different governments and
concerns these legal jurisdictions
would have to still exist to represent
the people
in theory nice addition how can someone
travel between these jurisdictions
without that jurisdiction clearing them
how would people traveling know the
different laws
what happens if you break a law in one
jurisdiction and then go to another
one of the reasons i love your channel
is because you make the abstract
concrete
i love freedom and i want to give it a
chance i want to understand
how this is possible i need one of those
weird analogies
that makes me face palm for not seeing
it before
okay so the concerns
the different laws
different taxes extradition all that
stuff
yeah i mean that's a concern you'd need
an agreement
you described it there would be an
agreement governing the different nation
states that have opened their borders
it's really that simple that's probably
still pretty abstract
so let's do it another way you already
live there
you live in this society if you live in
the united states
you live in this society when you travel
from tennessee to georgia
you don't go through a checkpoint
but we've limited our thinking because
we think of it in the sense of
the united states is rather than the
united states
are united states plural
plural states that are united they have
a governing agreement
the constitution
open borders is already here we live in
it
you get taxed where you work i guess
maybe in california you get taxed where
you live
i think that varies there's extradition
you know that when you go to colorado or
nevada you can do
things that you can't do in other states
this world that seems so impossible
it's already here we've lived in it it
exists
when you're talking about it on a global
scale or a regional scale
it's just adding new states
adding more more areas more
jurisdictions
to that agreement that's really it
this isn't a groundbreaking or
controversial thing we already live in
it
we just don't think of it that way
because we've limited
our own thought we've defined ourselves
so much
by that flag and those lines on a map
that we can't imagine a better world
we can't imagine a world without it
we should probably start
we should probably start is this
something that can be done with a high
rate of success
today not really we need to address some
inequality issues around the world first
that would be step one
now could it be done regionally like
between the us and canada
yeah tomorrow wouldn't change a thing
it wouldn't matter at all there wouldn't
be a flood of people
heading from canada into the us
there might be from the u.s to canada
though
but even if that happens which is a
concern when people talk about it
understand that when more people show up
well they produce and consume
it helps the economy it doesn't hurt it
um
yeah in the beginning there would be a
run
on entry-level positions
that would happen unless we address
inequality first
but the idea that this is impossible or
that it's hard to imagine
it's it's really easy to imagine we
already live there
you're probably face mommy but if it
makes you feel better
i have been asked this question
literally a hundred times
it's something in in american psychology
we just don't think of it that way
because we define ourselves more as
americans
than floridians or georgians
but we already have states
with open borders
so it's possible it's easy to imagine if
you try
let's give freedom a chance anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day